1.  use glossary
2.  stick to terms do not change them in cors of the document 
3.  acronym first time introduce in bold and parentheses - constantly integration constantly deployment (CICD)
    a.  also consider using acronyms only if it appear a lot in the document and it is shorter substantially 
4.  avoid using pronoun - This,That, It,They, them, and their
    a.  instead use the noun or place the noun immediately after the pronoun 
    b.  instead of "Python is interpreted, while C++ is compiled. It has an almost cult-like following." - Python is interpreted, while C++ is compiled. Python has an almost cult-like following.
5.  use active voice Active Voice Sentence = actor + verb + target -> the player kick the ball and not the balls was kicked by the player   
6.  verbs are the most important part of the sentence - use strong verbs and avoid verbs like : occur ,happens 
7.  Reduce there is / there are (it does not gives too much info)   
    a.  There is a variable called met_trick that stores the current accuracy. -> variable met_trick store the current accuracy 
8.  do not use too many adjectives - we have to stick to the facts - instead of "setting xxx will make the application run faster and more stable" go with "setting xxx will improve performance by 20% and reduce the exception rate by 10%"
9.  break long sentences into short one (like single responsibility)
10. break long sentences into list 
11. beware from adding too many sub sentences (sentences that extend and deepen the main sentence)
    a. mostly start with - because, which, that, until, unless, since, whose
    b. having a sub sentence that elaborate or extend the main is ok but make sure not to divert from the main sentence (single responsibility)
12. lists and tables:
    a.  use bulleted list when the ordering is not relevant (tasks that can be done in parallel ) and number list when ordering is important 
    b.  within the list items should have the same grammar 
    c.  sentence that introduce list or table should end with column :
    d.  within a column of a table share the same grammar and keep it short 
13. paragraph:
    a.  opening sentence is the most important one  
    b.  single responsibility paragraph
14. audience :
    a.  write the pre condition for the reader of your document and act accordingly 
    b.  use simple words and known fraise regardless of culture 
15. it is important to clarify at the beginning of the document (first paragraph), what is this document about what is it deals with and what is out of the scope 
    it should be a summery of the document content 